**Understanding the importance of the coding interview**
1. Enroll in this [Udemy course](https://anniecannons.udemy.com/course/coding-interview-bootcamp-algorithms-and-data-structure/learn/quiz/4990668#overview)
2. Watch the following two videos and write down 2-4 observations or questions for each one.
3. a. [The All Important Coding Interview](https://anniecannons.udemy.com/course/coding-interview-bootcamp-algorithms-and-data-structure/learn/lecture/8533042#overview)
   b. [Getting Better at Coding Questions](https://anniecannons.udemy.com/course/coding-interview-bootcamp-algorithms-and-data-structure/learn/lecture/8533046#overview)

   1. Based off the videos, it seems like greater weight is placed on the technical portion of the interview. From my perspective as of now, this is encouraging. I am confident in my ability to learn to get the technical interview down. The culture fit is going to be more challenging, because I have a hard time selling myself to a company that I don’t really have any long-term dreams of working for. Coding is just a step towards getting to pursue what I actually want to do, which has nothing to do with tech. But it sounds like if you can prove your coding skills in the interview, you can get the job. 2. I wonder how the way in which technical interviews are conducted have changed in the last few years since COVID and much of the world has transitioned to remote work. 3. I found it interesting in one of the videos, they were saying how a lot of the technical interviews recycle the same coding questions. It sounds like you can learn the formatting for these reused questions and use them in interviews across the board. 4. After watching these videos, I am interested in knowing if there are specific study tools and resources that I can start looking at to begin learning the questions that will most likely be asked in the interviews.